[0] Patent: US8377085
Claim text: ['1. An ultrasonic surgical assembly comprising:\nan ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly having a shell and an ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit housed within the shell;\na cordless ultrasonic transducer having a proximal end and an ultrasonic-movement-producing distal end;\nan ultrasonic waveguide having a proximal end for receiving ultrasonic movement thereat;\na handle body having:\na waveguide attachment dock operable to accept the waveguide therein;\nan ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly dock operable to selectively removably secure the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly thereto; and\na transducer attachment dock operable to substantially simultaneously:\nselectively removably and rotatably freely couple the ultrasonic transducer to the handle body rotationally independent of the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly; and\naxially align the ultrasonic-movement-producing distal end opposite the proximal end of the ultrasonic waveguide when the ultrasonic waveguide is disposed within the waveguide attachment dock; and\nwherein the ultrasonic transducer is operable to dynamically produce a resonant wave along the ultrasonic waveguide when the ultrasonic transducer is excited by the ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit.', '2. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic transducer and the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly are dimensioned to have the proximal end of the ultrasonic transducer remain exposed to the environment when the distal end of the ultrasonic transducer resides within the transducer attachment dock and the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly is in the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly dock.', '3. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein the handle body comprises:\nan upper handle portion; and\na grip portion defining therein a selectively sealable shaped to receive a removable battery therein.', '4. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 3, wherein the waveguide attachment dock, the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly dock, and the transducer attachment dock are at the upper handle portion.', '5. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 3, wherein the grip portion comprises a battery ejector at the battery-holding compartment operable to cause at least a portion of the battery to eject from the battery-holding compartment.', '6. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 3, wherein the grip portion comprises a compartment door movably attached to the grip portion at the battery-holding compartment and having:\nan open position permitting entry and removal of the battery respectively into and out from the battery-holding compartment; and\na closed position aseptically sealing the battery-holding compartment from the environment.', '7. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 3, further comprising a device identifier communicatively coupled to the battery-holding compartment and operable to communicate at least one piece of information about at least one of the ultrasonic waveguide, the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly, the ultrasonic transducer, the ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit, and the handle body.', '8. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 7, wherein the at least one piece of information is at least one of a handle body identifier, a history of previous use, and a waveguide identifier.', '9. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 8, further comprising a removable battery, the device identifier being operable to communicate with the removable battery when the removable battery is disposed at the battery-holding compartment.', '10. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 8, further comprising a removable battery having a power source and a power-source controller, the at least one piece of information being an identifier selected from at least one of a waveguide type, a handle type, and a transducer type, the power-source controller being operable to select one of a set of different battery output powers dependent upon an identification of the identifier.', '11. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly dock includes one of a rail, a dovetail, a T-slot, at least one pin, more than one pin, and an undercut slot.', '12. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein the waveguide attachment dock is operable to rotatably connect the waveguide in the waveguide attachment dock to the ultrasonic transducer in the transducer attachment dock and to allow the ultrasonic transducer and the waveguide to correspondingly rotate with respect to the handle body.', '13. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit comprises at least one of:\na control circuit;\na drive circuit; and\na matching circuit.', '14. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic transducer, when coupled to the transducer attachment dock, rotates free of limit stops.', '15. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, further comprising a removable battery disposed at one of:\nthe shell of the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly; and\nthe handle body.', '16. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, further comprising a memory electrically connected to the ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit and operable to store a device use history.', '17. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein:\nthe ultrasonic waveguide has one of a set of different waveguide types; and\nthe ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly:\ngenerates a driving-wave frequency and a driving-wave power; and\nis operable to vary at least one of the driving-wave frequency and the driving-wave power based on an identified one of the waveguide types.', '18. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly is one of hermetically sealed and aseptically sealed.', '19. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein at least one of the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly dock and the transducer attachment dock electrically couples the ultrasonic transducer to the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly when the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly is physically coupled to the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly dock.', '20. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein the resonant wave is a sine wave.', '21. An ultrasonic surgical assembly, comprising:\nan ultrasonic waveguide having a proximal end for receiving ultrasonic movement thereat;\nan ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly having:\na shell;\na selectively removable securing connector at the shell; and\nan ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit housed within the shell;\na cordless ultrasonic transducer separate from the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly and operable to dynamically produce a resonant wave along the ultrasonic waveguide when the ultrasonic transducer is excited by the ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit, the ultrasonic transducer having an ultrasonic-movement-producing distal end;\na removable battery; and\na surgical handle having:\na first handle body portion having:\na waveguide attachment dock operable to rotatably secure the ultrasonic waveguide thereto;\nan ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly dock operable to removably secure the securing connector to the first handle body portion; and\na transducer attachment dock operable to substantially simultaneously:\nselectively removably and rotatably freely couple the ultrasonic transducer to the first handle body portion independent of the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly; and\naxially align the ultrasonic-movement-producing distal end of the ultrasonic transducer opposite the proximal end of the ultrasonic waveguide when the ultrasonic waveguide is disposed within the waveguide attachment dock; and\na second handle body portion connected to the first handle body portion and defining therein a battery-holding compartment:\nselectively exposed to the environment;\nremovably holding the removable battery thereat; and\nelectrically connecting the removable battery disposed thereat to at least one of the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly and the ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit when the securing connector of the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly is connected to the first handle body portion.', '22. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 21, wherein:\nthe ultrasonic transducer is rotatable with respect to the first handle body portion; and\nthe waveguide attachment dock is operable to rotatably couple the ultrasonic waveguide in the waveguide attachment dock to the ultrasonic transducer in the transducer attachment dock through the first handle body portion.', '23. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 21, wherein the waveguide attachment dock and the transducer attachment dock are disposed to directly physically couple the ultrasonic waveguide and the ultrasonic transducer and cause a corresponding rotation of the ultrasonic transducer with respect to the first handle body portion when at least one of the ultrasonic waveguide and the ultrasonic transducer rotates.', '24. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 21, wherein the ultrasonic transducer is removably separable from the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly.', '25. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 21, wherein the resonant wave is a sine wave.']

[1] Patent: JP2013502998
Claim text: []

[2] Patent: US8372101
Claim text: ['1. An ultrasonic surgical assembly, comprising:\nan ultrasonic waveguide having a proximal end for receiving ultrasonic movement thereat;\nan ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly having:\na shell;\nan ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit housed within the shell; and\na cordless ultrasonic transducer having a proximal end disposed within the shell and an ultrasonic-movement-producing distal end that when excited by the ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit, dynamically produces a resonant wave along the ultrasonic waveguide; and\na handle body having:\na waveguide attachment dock operable to accept the waveguide therein;\nan assembly dock shaped to removably secure at least a portion of the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly thereat, the assembly dock operable:\nto selectively removably secure at least the shell thereat; and\nto position the ultrasonic-movement-producing distal end of the ultrasonic transducer co-axially opposite the proximal end of the ultrasonic waveguide when the ultrasonic waveguide is disposed within the waveguide attachment dock.', '2. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic transducer is rotatably freely disposed at the shell and is rotatably free with respect to the ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit.', '3. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein:\nthe handle body has an electrical coupler; and\nwhen a least a portion of the shell is placed within the assembly dock, the ultrasonic-movement-producing distal end is axially aligned opposite the proximal end of the ultrasonic waveguide substantially simultaneously with an electric coupling of the ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit to the electrical coupler of the handle body.', '4. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein the shell surrounds substantially all of the ultrasonic transducer except the distal end.', '5. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein the handle body further comprises:\nan upper handle portion; and\na grip portion defining therein a selectively accessible and aseptically sealable battery-holding compartment shaped to receive at least a portion of a removable battery therein.', '6. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 5, wherein the waveguide attachment dock and the assembly dock are disposed at the upper handle portion.', '7. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 5, wherein the grip portion comprises a battery ejector at the battery-holding compartment operable to cause at least a portion of the battery to eject from the battery-holding compartment.', '8. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 5, wherein the grip portion comprises a compartment door movably attached at the battery-holding compartment and having:\nan open position permitting entry and removal of the battery respectively into and out from the battery-holding compartment; and\na closed position aseptically sealing the battery-holding compartment from the environment.', '9. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 5, further comprising a device identifier communicatively coupled to the battery-holding compartment and operable to communicate at least one piece of information about at least one of the ultrasonic waveguide, the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly, the ultrasonic transducer, the ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit, and the handle body.', '10. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 9, wherein the at least one piece of information is at least one of a handle body identifier, a history of previous use, and a waveguide identifier.', '11. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 9, further comprising a removable battery disposed in one of:\nthe ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly; and\nthe handle body, the device identifier being operable to communicate with the removable battery.', '12. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 9, further comprising:\na removable battery disposed at one of:\nthe ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly; and\nthe handle body;\nthe removable battery having a power source and a power-source controller;\nthe at least one piece of information being an identifier selected from at least one of a waveguide type, a handle type, and a transducer type; and\nthe power-source controller being operable to select one of a set of different battery output powers dependent upon an identification of the identifier.', '13. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly includes a battery-holding compartment shaped to receive a battery therein.', '14. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein the assembly dock includes one of a rail, a dovetail, a T-slot, at least one pin, more than one pin, and an undercut slot.', '15. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein the waveguide attachment dock is operable to rotatably connect the waveguide in the waveguide attachment dock to the ultrasonic transducer in the assembly dock and to allow the ultrasonic transducer and the waveguide to correspondingly rotate with respect to the handle body.', '16. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit comprises at least one of:\na control circuit;\na drive circuit; and\na matching circuit.', '17. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic transducer, when coupled to the assembly dock, rotates free of limit stops.', '18. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, further comprising a removable battery disposed at one of:\nthe ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly; and\nthe handle body.', '19. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein the assembly dock is operable to selectively removably and rotatably couple the ultrasonic transducer to the ultrasonic waveguide.', '20. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, further comprising a memory electrically connected to the ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit and operable to store a device use history.', '21. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein:\nthe ultrasonic waveguide has one of a set of different waveguide types; and\nthe ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly:\ngenerates a driving-wave frequency and a driving-wave power; and\nis operable to vary at least one of the driving-wave frequency and the driving-wave power based on an identified one of the waveguide types.', '22. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly is one of hermetically sealed and aseptically sealed.', '23. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 1, wherein the resonant wave is a sine wave.', '24. An ultrasonic surgical assembly, comprising:\nan ultrasonic waveguide having a proximal end for receiving ultrasonic movement thereat;\nan ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly having:\na shell;\na selectively removable securing connector at the shell;\nan ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit housed within the shell; and\na cordless ultrasonic transducer operable to dynamically produce a resonant wave along the ultrasonic waveguide when the ultrasonic waveguide is connected thereto and when the ultrasonic transducer is excited by the ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit, the ultrasonic transducer having:\nan ultrasonic-movement-producing distal end; and\na proximal end disposed within the shell;\na removable battery; and\na surgical handle having:\na first handle body portion having:\na waveguide attachment dock operable to rotatably secure the ultrasonic waveguide to the ultrasonic transducer when the ultrasonic transducer is connected thereto; and\nan assembly dock operable to:\nposition the ultrasonic-movement-producing distal end of the ultrasonic transducer co-axially opposite the proximal end of the ultrasonic waveguide when the ultrasonic waveguide is disposed within the waveguide attachment dock;\nremovably secure the securing connector of the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly to the first handle body portion; and\nelectrically couple the ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit to the removable battery; and\na second handle body portion connected to the first handle body portion and defining therein a battery-holding compartment:\nselectively exposed to the environment;\nremovably holding the removable battery thereat; and\nelectrically connecting the removable battery disposed thereat to the ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit when the selectively removable securing connector of the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly is connected to the first handle body portion.', '25. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 24, wherein the assembly dock is operable to substantially simultaneously:\naxially align the ultrasonic-movement-producing distal end of the ultrasonic transducer opposite the proximal end of the ultrasonic waveguide when the ultrasonic waveguide is disposed within the waveguide attachment dock;\nremovably secure the securing connector of the ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly to the first handle body portion; and\nelectrically couple the ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit to the removable battery.', '26. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 24, wherein:\nthe ultrasonic transducer is rotatable with respect to the first handle body portion; and\nthe waveguide attachment dock is operable to rotatably couple the ultrasonic waveguide in the waveguide attachment dock to the ultrasonic transducer in the assembly dock through the first handle body portion.', '27. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 24, wherein the waveguide attachment dock and the assembly dock are disposed to directly physically couple the ultrasonic waveguide and the ultrasonic transducer and cause a corresponding rotation of the ultrasonic transducer with respect to the first handle body portion when at least one of the ultrasonic waveguide and the ultrasonic transducer rotates.', '28. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 24, wherein the resonant wave is a sine wave.', '29. An ultrasonic surgical assembly, comprising:\nan ultrasonic-movement-generator assembly having:\na shell;\nan ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit housed within the shell; and\na cordless ultrasonic transducer having an ultrasonic-movement-producing distal end;\nan ultrasonic waveguide having a proximal end, the ultrasonic transducer operable to dynamically produce a resonant wave along the ultrasonic waveguide when the ultrasonic waveguide is connected thereto and when the ultrasonic transducer is excited by the ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit; and\na handle body having:\nan assembly dock shaped:\nto selectively removably couple the shell to the handle body; and\nto selectively removably receive the ultrasonic transducer at the handle body; and\na waveguide attachment dock shaped to rotatably couple the ultrasonic waveguide to the ultrasonic transducer when the shell is coupled to the assembly dock, the handle body being shaped to substantially simultaneously electrically couple the ultrasonic-driving-wave-signal generating circuit to the assembly dock and insert the ultrasonic-movement-producing distal end of the ultrasonic transducer into the handle body opposite the proximal end of the ultrasonic waveguide.', '30. The ultrasonic surgical assembly according to claim 29, wherein the resonant wave is a sine wave.']

[3] Patent: CA2750482
Claim text: ['1. A battery-powered, modular surgical device, comprising:\nan electrically powered surgical instrument operable to surgically interface with human tissue; and a handle assembly connected to the surgical instrument, the handle assembly having:\na removable hand grip:\nshaped to permit handling of the surgical instrument by one hand of an operator; and having an upper portion and a cordless internal battery assembly that powers the surgical instrument, the internal battery assembly having at least one energy storage cell; and a handle body operable to:\nremovably connect at least the upper portion of the removable hand grip thereto and create an aseptic seal around at least a portion of the removable hand grip when connected thereto; and electrically couple the internal battery assembly of the removable hand grip to the surgical instrument and thereby power the surgical instrument for interfacing surgically with the human tissue.', '2. The surgical device according to claim 1, wherein at least one of the surgical instrument, the removable hand grip, and the handle body is disposable.', '3. The surgical device according to claim 1, wherein the surgical instrument is comprised of a surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly.', '4. The surgical device according to claim 1, wherein the surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly is an ultrasonic surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly.', '5. The surgical device according to claim 1, wherein the battery assembly is rechargeable.', '6. The surgical device according to claim 1, wherein the at least one energy storage cell is a Lithium-based battery cell.', '7. The surgical device according to claim 1, wherein the surgical instrument is comprised of at least one pivoting jaw member and a cutting blade opposing the jaw member.', '8. A battery-powered, modular surgical device, comprising:\nan electrically powered surgical end effector assembly operable to surgically interface with human tissue; and a removable hand grip shaped to permit handling thereof by one hand of an operator, the removable hand grip including at least one reusable battery:\nelectrically coupled to the surgical end effector assembly to power and thereby cause the surgical end effector assembly to operate; and removably secured to the surgical end effector assembly such that the at least one reusable battery is selectively exposed to the surgical environment when removed therefrom.', '9. The surgical device according to claim 8, wherein the surgical end effector assembly is comprised of a surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly.', '10. The surgical device according to claim 8, wherein the surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly is an ultrasonic surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly.', '11. The surgical device according to claim 8, wherein the at least one reusable battery is rechargeable.', '12. The surgical device according to claim 8, wherein the surgical end effector assembly is comprised of at least one pivoting jaw member and a cutting blade opposing the jaw member.', '13. A battery-powered, modular surgical device, comprising:\nan elongated shaft having a distal end and a proximal end, the elongated shaft comprising an electrically powered surgical end effector at the distal end, the end effector operable to surgically interface with human tissue;\nan instrument body connected to the proximal end of the elongated shaft, the instrument body having a hand grip dock comprising at least one electrical contact; and a hand grip removably and matingly connected to the hand grip dock such that an aseptic seal is created between the hand grip and the instrument body by the non-threaded mated connection between the hand grip and the hand grip dock, wherein the aseptic seal substantially prevents ingress of contamination between the hand grip and the hand grip dock, the hand grip comprising:\na cordless internal battery assembly powering the end effector; and at least one contact electrically coupling the internal battery assembly to the at least one electrical contact of the hand grip dock.', '14. The surgical device according to claim 13, wherein:\nthe at least one electrical contact of the hand grip dock is a given number of electrical contacts;\nthe at least one contact of the hand grip is the given number of electrical hand grip contacts; and at least a pair of the given number of electrical contacts electrically couples the hand grip dock to at least a pair of the hand grip contacts of the internal battery assembly.', '15. The surgical device according to claim 13, wherein:\nthe at least one electrical contact of the hand grip dock is a given number of electrical contacts; and the at least one contact of the hand grip is a plurality of electrical contacts corresponding in number to the given number and electrically coupling the internal battery assembly to the hand grip dock.', '16. The surgical device according to claim 13, wherein the battery assembly comprises at least one energy storage cell.', '17. The surgical device according to claim 13, wherein the battery assembly is rechargeable.', '18. The surgical device according to claim 13, wherein the hand grip is shaped to permit handling of the surgical device by one hand of an operator.', '19. The surgical device according to claim 13, wherein at least one of the elongated shaft, the instrument body, and the hand grip is disposable.', '20. The surgical device according to claim 13, wherein the end effector is comprised of a surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly.', '21. The surgical device according to claim 20, wherein the surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly is an ultrasonic surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly.', '22. The surgical device accord;ng to claim 20, wherein the surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly is comprised of:\nat least one pivoting jaw member; and a cutting blade of an ultrasonic waveguide opposing the jaw member.', '23. A battery-powered, modular surgical device, comprising:\nan electrically powered surgical end effector assembly operable to surgically interfere with human tissue;\nan instrument body connected to the surgical end effector assembly, the instrument body having a hand grip dock comprising a plurality of electrical contacts;\na hand grip comprising a plurality of contacts and a battery assembly operable to electrically power the surgical end effector, the hand grip being removably and matingly connected to the hand grip dock such that:\nan aseptic seal is created between the hand grip and the instrument body by the non-threaded mated connection between the hand grip and the hand grip dock when the hand grip is attached to the hand grip dock to substantially prevent ingress of contamination between the hand grip and the hand grip dock; and at least one of the plurality of contacts electrically couple the battery assembly to the at least one of the plurality of electrical contacts of the hand grip dock.', '24. The surgical device according to claim 23, wherein the electrically powered surgical end effector assembly comprises:\nan elongated shaft having a distal end and a proximal end; and an electrically powered surgical end effector at the distal end of the elongated shaft.', '25. The surgical device according to claim 23, wherein the battery assembly comprises at least one energy storage cell.', '26. The surgical device according to claim 23, wherein the battery assembly is rechargeable.', '27. The surgical device according to claim 23, wherein the hand grip is shaped to permit handling of the surgical device by one hand of an operator.', '28. The surgical device according to claim 23, wherein at least one of the surgical end effector assembly, the instrument body, and the hand grip is disposable.', '29. The surgical device according to claim 23, wherein the electrically powered surgical end effector assembly is comprised of a surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly.', '30. The surgical device according to claim 29, wherein the surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly is an ultrasonic surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly.', '31. The surgical device according to claim 29, wherein the surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly is comprised of:\nat least one pivoting jaw member; and a cutting blade of an ultrasonic waveguide opposing the jaw member.']

[4] Patent: US20130046322
Claim text: ['1. A method for operating a self-powered surgical device, comprising:\nproviding a handle with:\na self-contained power supply; and\na control circuit operable to carry out at least two operational conditions of the surgical device; and\neffecting the at least two operational conditions with a two-stage switch electrically connected to the control circuit, a first stage of the switch effecting a first of the at least two operational conditions and a second stage of the switch effecting a second of the at least two operational conditions different from the first operational condition, the two-stage switch having a variable resistance such that:\nthe first stage occurs when a first depression force is applied to the switch;\nthe second stage occurs when a second depression force greater than the first depression force is applied to the switch; and\na holding force lower than at least the second depression force is required to maintain the switch in the second stage.', '2. The method according to claim 1, which further comprises controlling an amount of power delivered from the power supply with the control circuit.', '3. The method according to claim 2, wherein the first operational condition is a first amount of power delivered from the power supply and the second operational condition is a second amount of power delivered from the power supply.', '4. The method according to claim 2, which further comprises delivering a first amount of power from the power supply in the first operational condition and delivering a second amount of power different from the first amount from the power supply in the second operational condition.', '5. The method according to claim 4, wherein the first amount of power is less than the second amount.', '6. The method according to claim 1, which further comprises effecting the first and second operational conditions using at least one electrical contact of the two-stage switch to electrically close the control circuit.', '7. The method according to claim 1, which further comprises effecting the first and second operational conditions using at least one electrical contact of the two-stage switch to electrically break the control circuit.', '8. The method according to claim 1, which further comprises switching between the first and second stages by changing a position of the two-stage switch.', '9. The method according to claim 1, wherein the two-stage switch is in the first stage when placed in a first position by applying the first depression force.', '10. The method according to claim 9, wherein the two-stage switch is in the second stage when placed in a second position by applying the second depression force.', '11. The method according to claim 10, wherein the first and second positions are operably connected in a stacked configuration.', '12. The method according to claim 1, which further comprises switching to the first stage by applying the first depression force to partially depress the two-stage switch.', '13. The method according to claim 12, which further comprises switching to the second stage by applying the second depression force to fully depress the two-stage switch.', '14. The method according to claim 8, which further comprises:\ncoupling a plunger to the two-stage switch; and\nchanging the position of the two-stage switch by applying pressure to the plunger.', '15. The method according to claim 14, wherein the plunger is spring-biased.', '16. The method according to claim 14, which further comprises:\napplying a variable amount of pressure to the plunger to cause the two-stage switch to change position.', '17. The method according to claim 16, wherein an amount of pressure needed to position the two-stage switch in the first stage is less than the amount of pressure needed to position the two-stage switch in the second stage.', '18. The method according to claim 1, wherein the two-stage switch is comprised of at least a first sub-switch and a second sub-switch, the first sub-switch effecting the first stage and the second sub-switch effecting the second stage.']

[5] Patent: US8419757
Claim text: ['1. An ultrasonic surgical assembly comprising:\na removable shell housing a cordless ultrasonic transducer and having an outer surface with at least one electrically communicating contact for supplying power to the transducer; and\na handle body:\ndefining a battery-holding compartment therein;\nhaving an ultrasonic surgical waveguide; and\noperable to removably couple the transducer of the shell to the waveguide, the shell being removably couplable to the handle body and the transducer being operable to dynamically produce a resonant wave along the waveguide coupled thereto to thereby produce movement at a portion of the waveguide sufficient to at least one of cut and cauterize human tissue.', '2. The assembly according to claim 1, further comprising:\na battery disposed within the battery-holding compartment.', '3. The assembly according to claim 2, wherein the battery is one of integral with the handle body and removable from the handle body.', '4. The assembly according to claim 1, wherein the handle body rotatably couples the waveguide and the transducer thereto such that a rotation of the waveguide causes a corresponding rotation of the transducer.', '5. The assembly according to claim 1, wherein the waveguide is rotatably coupled to the handle body and is interchangeably removable from the handle body.', '6. The assembly according to claim 5, wherein the waveguide is disposable.', '7. The assembly according to claim 1, wherein the resonant wave is a sine wave.', '8. An ultrasonic surgical assembly, comprising:\nan ultrasonic surgical waveguide;\na removable shell housing a cordless ultrasonic transducer and having an outer surface with at least one electrically communicating contact for supplying power to the transducer;\na battery electrically coupled to the at least one electrically communicating contact and operable to supply power thereto; and\na handle body operable to removably couple the waveguide and the transducer of the shell thereto, the shell being separable from the handle body and the transducer being operable to dynamically produce a resonant wave along the waveguide coupled thereto to thereby produce movement at a portion of the waveguide sufficient to at least one of cut and cauterize human tissue, the battery being one of integral with the handle body and removable from the handle body.', '9. The assembly according to claim 8, wherein:\nthe handle body rotatably couples the waveguide and the transducer thereto such that a rotation of the waveguide causes a corresponding rotation of the transducer; and\nthe waveguide is rotatably coupled to the handle body and is interchangeably removable from the handle body.', '10. The assembly according to claim 8, wherein the resonant wave is a sine wave.', '11. An ultrasonic surgical assembly, comprising:\nan ultrasonic waveguide having a proximal couple part;\na removable shell housing substantially all of a cordless ultrasonic transducer, the ultrasonic transducer having a distal couple part operable to removably couple to the proximal couple part, the shell having an outer surface with at least one electrically communicating contact for supplying power to the transducer;\na battery electrically coupled to the at least one electrically communicating contact and operable to supply power thereto; and\na handle body defining a battery-holding compartment shaped to removably receive the battery therein and having:\na transducer dock exposed to the environment and shaped to interchangeably hold the shell thereat;\na waveguide attachment dock shaped to align and attach the distal and proximal couple parts together and thereby hold the waveguide and the transducer at the handle body when the waveguide is docked in the attachment dock; and\na driving-wave generation circuit at the handle body and electrically contacting the battery and the transducer, the generation circuit operable to dynamically produce a resonant wave along the waveguide to thereby cause ultrasonic movement in the waveguide through the transducer when the transducer is coupled to the waveguide.', '12. The assembly according to claim 11, wherein the distal and proximal couple parts include a threaded hole and a threaded rod.', '13. The assembly according to claim 11, wherein the waveguide is longitudinally fixed to the handle body.', '14. The assembly according to claim 11, wherein the waveguide is releasably connected to the handle body.', '15. The assembly according to claim 11, wherein the battery is disposable.', '16. The assembly according to claim 11, wherein the battery is reusable, and further comprising a compartment door movably attached to the handle body at the battery-holding compartment, the door having:\nan open position permitting entry and removal of the battery respectively into and out from the battery-holding compartment; and\na closed position aseptically sealing the battery-holding compartment from the environment.', '17. The assembly according to claim 11, wherein:\nthe transducer dock is operable to rotatably connect the waveguide therein; and\nthe attachment dock and the transducer dock are shaped and disposed to directly physically couple the waveguide and the transducer and cause a corresponding rotation of the transducer with respect to the handle body when the waveguide rotates.', '18. The assembly according to claim 17, wherein a maximum amount of rotation of the transducer with respect to the handle body is limited.', '19. The assembly according to claim 11, wherein the handle body has a handgrip and the battery-holding compartment is within the handgrip.', '20. The assembly according to claim 11, further comprising a device identifier communicatively coupled to the handle body and operable to communicate at least one piece of information about at least one of the waveguide, the transducer, the battery, the generation circuit, and the handle body.', '21. The assembly according to claim 20, wherein the at least one piece of information is at least one of a waveguide identifier, an information list of previous waveguide use, a transducer identifier, an information list of previous transducer use, a battery identifier, an information list of previous battery use, a battery status, a handle identifier, and an information list of previous handle use.', '22. The assembly according to claim 21, wherein the device identifier is operable to communicate with the battery when the battery is in the battery-holding compartment.', '23. The assembly according to claim 11, wherein the handle body has a battery ejector at the battery-holding compartment operable to cause at least a portion of a battery within the battery-holding compartment to eject therefrom.', '24. The assembly according to claim 11, wherein the resonant wave is a sine wave.']

[6] Patent: JP5859905
Claim text: []

[7] Patent: US9017355
Claim text: ['1. A battery-powered, modular surgical device, comprising:\nan elongated shaft having a distal end and a proximal end, the elongated shaft comprising an electrically powered surgical end effector at the distal end, the end effector operable to surgically interface with human tissue;\nan instrument body connected to the proximal end of the elongated shaft, the instrument body having a hand grip dock comprising at least one electrical contact; and\na hand grip removably and matingly connected to the hand grip dock such that an aseptic seal is created between the hand grip and the instrument body by the non-threaded mated connection between the hand grip and the hand grip dock, wherein the aseptic seal substantially prevents ingress of contamination between the hand grip and the hand grip dock, the hand grip comprising:\na cordless internal battery assembly powering the end effector; and\nat least one contact electrically coupling the internal battery assembly to the at least one electrical contact of the hand grip dock.', '2. The surgical device according to claim 1, wherein:\nthe at least one electrical contact of the hand grip dock is a given number of electrical contacts;\nthe at least one contact of the hand grip is the given number of electrical hand grip contacts; and\nat least a pair of the given number of electrical contacts electrically couples the hand grip dock to at least a pair of the hand grip contacts of the internal battery assembly.', '3. The surgical device according to claim 1, wherein:\nthe at least one electrical contact of the hand grip dock is a given number of electrical contacts; and\nthe at least one contact of the hand grip is a plurality of electrical contacts corresponding in number to the given number and electrically coupling the internal battery assembly to the hand grip dock.', '4. The surgical device according to claim 1, wherein the battery assembly comprises at least one energy storage cell.', '5. The surgical device according to claim 1, wherein the battery assembly is rechargeable.', '6. The surgical device according to claim 1, wherein the hand grip is shaped to permit handling of the surgical device by one hand of an operator.', '7. The surgical device according to claim 1, wherein at least one of the elongated shaft, the instrument body, and the hand grip is disposable.', '8. The surgical device according to claim 1, wherein the end effector is comprised of a surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly.', '9. The surgical device according to claim 8, wherein the surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly is an ultrasonic surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly.', '10. The surgical device according to claim 8, wherein the surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly is comprised of:\nat least one pivoting jaw member; and\na cutting blade of an ultrasonic waveguide opposing the jaw member.', '11. A battery-powered, modular surgical device, comprising:\nan electrically powered surgical end effector assembly operable to surgically interfere with human tissue;\nan instrument body connected to the surgical end effector assembly, the instrument body having a hand grip dock comprising a plurality of electrical contacts;\na hand grip comprising a plurality of contacts and a battery assembly operable to electrically power the surgical end effector, the hand grip being removably and matingly connected to the hand grip dock such that:\nan aseptic seal is created between the hand grip and the instrument body by the non-threaded mated connection between the hand grip and the hand grip dock when the hand grip is attached to the hand grip dock to substantially prevent ingress of contamination between the hand grip and the hand grip dock; and\nat least one of the plurality of contacts electrically couple the battery assembly to the at least one of the plurality of electrical contacts of the hand grip dock.', '12. The surgical device according to claim 11, wherein the electrically powered surgical end effector assembly comprises:\nan elongated shaft having a distal end and a proximal end; and\nan electrically powered surgical end effector at the distal end of the elongated shaft.', '13. The surgical device according to claim 11, wherein the battery assembly comprises at least one energy storage cell.', '14. The surgical device according to claim 11, wherein the battery assembly is rechargeable.', '15. The surgical device according to claim 11, wherein the hand grip is shaped to permit handling of the surgical device by one hand of an operator.', '16. The surgical device according to claim 11, wherein at least one of the surgical end effector assembly, the instrument body, and the hand grip is disposable.', '17. The surgical device according to claim 11, wherein the electrically powered surgical end effector assembly is comprised of a surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly.', '18. The surgical device according to claim 17, wherein the surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly is an ultrasonic surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly.', '19. The surgical device according to claim 17, wherein the surgical cautery and cutting end effector assembly is comprised of:\nat least one pivoting jaw member; and\na cutting blade of an ultrasonic waveguide opposing the jaw member.']

[8] Patent: JP6438998
